Revamping Sentinel Support and docs (#1115)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/required-settings.md

> # If you want to use Sentinel, specify this variable

Reviewer: I wonder if it'd be better to remove this entire example block of code from here, given that the other file is so much more comprehensive now?

Please see the [official `django-rq` documentation on support for django-redis connection settings](https://github.com/rq/django-rq#support-for-django-redis-and-django-redis-cache) for more information.

!!! note

>     The `check_releases`, `custom_fields`, and `webhooks` are no longer in use by Nautobot but maintained here for backwords compatibility, they will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `check_releases`, `custom_fields`, and `webhooks` queues are no longer in use by Nautobot but maintained here for backwards compatibility; they will be removed in a future release.
```

> For more details on configuring RQ, please see the documentation for [Django RQ installation](https://github.com/rq/django-rq#installation).

Reviewer: At some point we should revisit this entire `RQ_QUEUES` section of the docs as well as in the core settings.py - I'm pretty sure we're no longer using the `check_releases`, `webhooks`, or `custom_fields` RQ queues for anything in core; though I think we kept them around for backward compatibility with plugins that might still be using them, we could probably at least remove the relevant sections of the documentation as we move forward. Not blocking for this PR, of course, just thinking aloud.

#### Using Redis Sentinel

> If you are using [Redis Sentinel](https://redis.io/topics/sentinel) for high-availability purposes, you must be using dictionary-style settings, and modify the connection settings. This requires the removal of the `HOST`, `PORT`, and `DEFAULT_TIMEOUT` keys from the example above and the addition of three new keys.

Reviewer: The information in this paragraph (specifically on keys that should NOT be part of the `RQ_QUEUES` dictionary) seems to no longer be present. Is it still relevant? Or is the idea with the new docs that you do *not* need to use "dictionary-style" `RQ_QUEUES` settings but instead should now use the basic `USE_REDIS_CACHE` pattern?

Author: since `RQ_QUEUES` uses `"USE_REDIS_CACHE": "default"` now I didn't want to get in to configuring `RQ_QUEUES` separately from `CACHES`.  I also didn't really want to explain what keys were added/removed in detail other than the config for sentinel is different here's an example with some explanation of the interesting keys.
